Now, we've reached the final part and one of the final features that will be building for the main
flow of meals to go, that is the settings flow.
Now, when we log in, whenever we log into our account, what we want to do is once we're logged in,
well, we're able to search for specific cities.
We're able to view our favorites, and we're even able to view our map view with our specific highlighted
dialogues.
But now our settings panel is kind of bleak.
It's kind of bleak.
And so we need to make it look a bit nicer.
And in order to do that, what we're going to do is we're going to build out an entire settings panel
where we will be able to view our favorites and also log out.
All right.
So let's get to it.